docs: Add DSDL explanation and reference pages (#562)
cal-itp/calitp.org: docs/explanation/dsdl.md

# Digital Services Design Language

The Digital Services Design Language is an ongoing effort to unify the user experience across all of Cal-ITP's websites and applications – calitp.org, [California Mobility Marketplace](https://camobilitymarketplace.com) (MobiMart), and [Cal-ITP Benefits](https://benefits.calitp.org).

End users will benefit from a consistent feeling across each product, increasing usability through predictability and building trust in the Cal-ITP brand.

For our own efforts in maintaining these products, using a unified structure of color, spacing, type, and components will reduce error and increase speed for both design and dev, while including flexibility to meet specific product needs.

For example, there is a comprehensive color palette from which each product can draw on different parts of it and feel unified while maintaining their own individual identity. Similarly, we have base styles and sizes for typography, but can use different font stacks to adapt to each product.

## Typography

> To maintain flexibility across products, we use a set scale with multiple typeface options for brand typefaces (larger, stylized typefaces used for emphasis and headlines, or "display" copy) and base typefaces (highly legible typefaces used for body copy, smaller captions and labels, etc.).

Reviewer: maybe a _little_ clearer?

```suggestion
For example, a comprehensive color palette is included. Each product can draw on different parts of it and feel unified while maintaining its own individual identity.

## Typography

Similarly, we have base styles and sizes for typography, but can use different font stacks to adapt to each product.

To maintain flexibility, we use a set scale with multiple typeface options for brand typefaces (larger, stylized typefaces used for emphasis and headlines, or "display" copy) and base typefaces (highly legible typefaces used for body copy, smaller captions and labels, etc.).
```
